fix deprecated auth parameter - version check (#2322)
alexanderzobnin/grafana-zabbix: .changeset/two-boxes-shave.md

---
'grafana-zabbix': patch
---

> "/auth" property it deprecated since 7.0, but the actual implementation consider it only from 7.2 causing deprecation error in webserver logs. This patch fix the error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix: deprecation error in webserver logs because of "/auth" property using version 7.0
```
